What are you doing?
Let him go back to where he belongs
OK
Finally in this position
It was originally my location, hahahaha.
Oh, dear.
Hospital call
Said the immortal woke up again
It was Grandpa Shen who told me all the truth
What if you know
Shen Qinglan has already entered
I am the chairperson of Huanyu Group
What can you do to me?
Shen Yue, I ask you if you have any regrets in the past three years
Hmph regret
It is Shen Tinglan who should regret
He shouldn't have.
I'm in a hurry to come to you to find you
I won't follow either
Focus on your parents
Then what's wrong with my parents?
You're going to kill them
Humph
I just cheat money
Who knows they won't be able to jump off the building
Bad is bad, in their hearts, the ability to bear it is too poor